readme.md, before:

# 🚌 BusEase – Your Easy Bus Booking Companion

**BusEase** is a MERN-stack bus ticket booking web application that allows users to search buses, select seats, and simulate payments using debit card details. The system includes authentication, bus search, seat selection, payment form (UI only), and a booking confirmation page. 

**Note:** This version does **not** handle real payments.
---

## 🚀 Key Features

- **User Authentication** – Sign up & Login with JWT.
- **Bus Search** – Search by origin, destination, and date.
- **Bus Listing** – View available buses with details.
- **Seat Selection** – Interactive visual seat map.
- **Payment Simulation** – Debit card ,Razer pay and other UPI
- **Booking Confirmation** – Summary of booking with masked card number.
- **Responsive UI** – Works on desktop and mobile devices.
- **Form Validation** – Basic input validation for better user experience.
- **Admin** - Dashboard for admin
---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- MongoDb (Mongoose)
- React(Vite)
- Express.js
- Node.js
---

## 📦 Key Libraries

### 👉 **Dependencies (For production)**
| Package         | Description                           |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------|
| `bcrypt`        | Password hashing                      |
| `cookie-parser` | Parses cookies in request headers     |
| `dotenv`        | Loads environment variables           |
| `jsonwebtoken`  | JWT-based user authentication         |
| `mongoose`      | ODM for MongoDB                       |
|  `axios`        | Connects frontend and backend         |
|  `nodemailer`   | Send emails                           |

## 📁 Project Structure

```
BusEase/
├── client/            # React Frontend
├── server/            # Node + Express Backend
│   ├── controllers/
│   ├── models/
│   ├── routes/
│   ├── middlewares/
│   └── utils/
├── .env               # Environment variables
├── .gitignore
└── README.md

```
# Step 1: Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Nikhil-X-codes/BusEase.git

# Step 2: Backend setup
cd BusEase/server
npm install
touch .env   # Add environment variables here

# Step 3: Frontend setup
cd ../client
npm install

# Step 4: Run the app

# Start backend
cd ../server
npm run dev

# Start frontend
cd ../client
npm start

```

Commit message:

feat: Enhance Payment Success Page with Dynamic Booking Data and Improved UI
- Integrated dynamic booking data retrieval from location state.
- Updated booking details to reflect actual bus and payment information.
- Improved PDF generation with updated styles and content.
- Enhanced UI with a new background, header, and navigation tabs.
- Added fallback UI for cases with missing booking data.
- Updated README to reflect new features including Booking ID and Download Ticket functionality.

readme.md, after:

# 🚌 BusEase – Your Easy Bus Booking Companion

**BusEase** is a MERN-stack bus ticket booking web application that allows users to search buses, select seats, and simulate payments using debit card details. The system includes authentication, bus search, seat selection, payment form (UI only), and a booking confirmation page. 

**Note:** This version does **not** handle real payments.
---

## 🚀 Key Features

- **User Authentication** – Sign up & Login with JWT.
- **Bus Search** – Search by origin, destination, and date.
- **Bus Listing** – View available buses with details.
- **Seat Selection** – Interactive visual seat map.
- **Payment Simulation** – Debit card ,Razer pay and other UPI
- **Booking Confirmation** – Summary of booking with Booking Id and also Download Ticket.
- **Responsive UI** – Works on desktop and mobile devices.
- **Form Validation** – Basic input validation for better user experience.
- **Booking History** – Users can View Previous Booking.
---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- MongoDb (Mongoose)
- React(Vite)
- Express.js
- Node.js
---

## 📦 Key Libraries

### 👉 **Dependencies (For production)**
| Package         | Description                           |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------|
| `bcrypt`        | Password hashing                      |
| `cookie-parser` | Parses cookies in request headers     |
| `dotenv`        | Loads environment variables           |
| `jsonwebtoken`  | JWT-based user authentication         |
| `mongoose`      | ODM for MongoDB                       |
|  `axios`        | Connects frontend and backend         |
|  `nodemailer`   | Send emails                           |

## 📁 Project Structure

```
BusEase/
├── client/            # React Frontend
├── server/            # Node + Express Backend
│   ├── controllers/
│   ├── models/
│   ├── routes/
│   ├── middlewares/
│   └── utils/
├── .env               # Environment variables
├── .gitignore
└── README.md

```
# Step 1: Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Nikhil-X-codes/BusEase.git

# Step 2: Backend setup
cd BusEase/server
npm install
touch .env   # Add environment variables here

# Step 3: Frontend setup
cd ../client
npm install

# Step 4: Run the app

# Start backend
cd ../server
npm run dev

# Start frontend
cd ../client
npm start

```
